# Terms of Service

Last Updated: July 28, 2025

**Overview**

These Terms of Services, together with any documents and additional terms they, by reference, expressly incorporate (collectively, these "Terms"), are entered into between Hermetica Labs, Inc., a corporation registered in the Republic of Panama with the registration number 155736526 (hereinafter referred to as "Hermetica", "we", "our" or "us") and the person making use of Hermetica's services (hereinafter referred to as the "User", "you" or "your"). These Terms constitute a binding legal agreement between Hermetica and the User.

Within these Terms, words of any gender shall be held and construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular number shall be held and construed to include the plural unless the context otherwise requires.

These Terms and any other terms and conditions incorporated herein by reference govern your access to and use of the Platform and Services. You must read the Terms carefully. By accessing, browsing or otherwise using the Platform or Services, you acknowledge and agree that you have read, understood and accepted all of the Terms and our Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy"), which is incorporated by reference into the Terms.

BY ACCESSING OR USING THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 1,THE USER ACCEPTS AND AGREES TO BE BOUND BY AND COMPLY WITH THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THE MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISION OUTLINED IN SECTION 18. IF THE USER DOES NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, SUCH USER SHOULD NOT ACCESS OR USE THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES.

PLEASE REVIEW THE DISCLOSURES AND DISCLAIMERS SET FORTH IN SECTION 14 IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE USING ANY SOFTWARE DEVELOPED BY HERMETICA. SECTION 14 PROVIDES IMPORTANT DETAILS ABOUT THE LEGAL OBLIGATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH THE USER'S USE OF THE PLATFORM AND SERVICES. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES, THE USER AGREES THAT HERMETICA DOES NOT PROVIDE EXECUTION OR CLEARING SERVICES OF ANY KIND AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR EXECUTING OR CLEARING TRANSACTIONS AUTOMATED THROUGH THE HERMETICA SOFTWARE.

**1. Definitions**

For the purpose of these Terms, the following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings: 1.1. "Affiliate" means, with respect to a party to these Terms, any legal entity that, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Hermetica. 1.2. "Applicable Law" means any domestic or foreign law, rule, statute, regulation, by law, order, protocol, code, decree, or other directives, requirement or guideline, published or in force which applies to or is otherwise intended to govern or regulate any person, property, transaction, activity, event or other matter, including any rule, order, judgment, directive or other requirement or guideline issued by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over Hermetica, the User, the Platform or the Services, or as otherwise duly enacted, enforceable by law, the common law or equity. 1.3 “European Union (EU)” means the Member States of the European Union as amended from time to time. 1.4 “European Economic Area (EEA)” means the EU together with Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 1.5 “Restricted Person” means (a) any person that is located in, resident, domiciled, established, or accessing the Platform or Services from a Restricted Territory; (b) any person listed on, or owned or controlled by a person listed on, any applicable sanctions list; or (c) any person acting on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any of the foregoing. 1.6 "Stacks" means the utility token of the Stacks Blockchain that may be used to purchase computational resources to run decentralized applications or perform actions on the Stacks Blockchain. 1.7 "Stacks Address" means the unique public key cryptocurrency identifier that points to a Stacks-compatible wallet to which Stacks or SIP-010 compatible tokens may be sent or stored. 1.8 "Stacks Blockchain" means the underlying public blockchain infrastructure Hermetica leverages to offer its Services. 1.9 "Governmental Authority" means the applicable domestic or foreign federal, provincial or state, municipal, local or other governmental, regulatory, judicial or administrative authority. 1.10 "Platform" means the Hermetica website and web application located at "hermetica.fi", and all associated sites linked thereto by Hermetica and its Affiliates. 1.11 "Services" The Products offered by Hermetica as accessible through the Platform. 1.12 "Product" means any product offered through the Services and available on thePlatform.

**2. Eligible Users**

The following are conditions of access to the Platform, and each time you access the Platform, the User represents and warrants to us that: 2.1 The User is an individual that is 18 years of age or older, capable of forming a binding contract with us, and under no legal impediment or incapacity; 2.2 The User is an authorized representative of a company and has the requisite authority from that company to access the Platform and form a binding agreement with us on behalf of that company; 2.3 The User is not and has not been identified as a "Specially Designated National" by the US Office of Foreign Assets Control or otherwise subject to any sanctions or restrictions which may affect our ability to provide the User with our Services; 2.4 The User has the full power and authority to agree to these Terms and to use any Service offered by Hermetica through the Platform; 2.5 The User has read the Risk Sections and these Terms prior to using the Services, and that User is solely responsible for your trading or non-trading actions and has had the opportunity to take any legal, financial, accounting or other advice that User deems appropriate prior to accessing the Platform or using any of the Services; 2.6 The User will only trade with legally obtained digital assets that belong to The User, and that The User has full legal and beneficial title to any such assets at the time The User transfers them to us; 2.7 The User is acting only on their own behalf and not on behalf of any Restricted Person, and the User will not facilitate any Restricted Person’s access to the Platform or Services; 2.8 The User is not located in, or a resident of, any Restricted Territory (as defined below) and has not used any technical means to misrepresent its geographical location to access the Platform from any Restricted Territory; and 2.9 The User is acting for its own account as principal and not as trustee, agent or otherwise on behalf of any other persons. Your access to the Platform and any Services may be restricted based on your jurisdiction or geographical location. You must not use the Protocol if you are located in or a citizen or resident of any state, country, territory or other jurisdiction in which use of the Platform or the Services would be illegal or otherwise violate any applicable law (a "Restricted Territory"). The fact that the Platform is accessible in a Restricted Territory or that the Platform allows the use of the official language of a Restricted Territory or a language commonly used in a Restricted Territory must not be construed as a license to use the Platform in such a Restricted Territory. We unconditionally reserve the right to restrict access to any Restricted Territory and may implement technical controls to prevent access to the Platform or any Services from any Restricted Territory.The access or use of the Platform and Services we offer is prohibited if you are located, incorporated or otherwise established in, or a resident of: (i) The EU or EEA; (ii) Belarus, Crimea, Cuba, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK), Democratic Republic of Congo, Donetsk, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Libya, Luhansk, Mali, Myanmar, Nicaragua, Republic of Panama, Russia, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, the United States of America; (iii) any other jurisdiction designated as a Restricted Territory on our Platform (as amended from time to time); (iv) a jurisdiction where it would be illegal for you to access or use our Platform or use the Services; or (v) a jurisdiction where it would be illegal for us to provide you access to our Platform or use our services. If you are a resident of or are operating from a Restricted Territory, as defined in these Terms, we have the right to terminate your Account with immediate effect, without us being liable for any damages this might entail.

**2A. No Offer or Availability in Restricted Territories**

2A.1 The Platform and Services are not offered to, intended for, or directed at any person in a Restricted Territory, and shall not be construed as an offer or solicitation there. 2A.2 Hermetica may implement IP geofencing, device, payment‑rail, KYC/AML, and other controls and may block or terminate access where Hermetica reasonably believes a user is a Restricted Person. 2A.3 Hermetica does not conduct marketing targeted at Restricted Territories and prohibits onward marketing or distribution of the Services into those jurisdictions. 2A.4 If Hermetica determines you are, or have become, a Restricted Person, Hermetica may suspend or terminate access immediately and you acknowledge that no services, support, onboarding, minting, redemption, or account servicing will be made available to you.

**3. Modifications to These Terms**

In our sole discretion, we reserve the right to modify these Terms from time to time. If modifications are made, Hermetica will provide the User with notice of such changes by providing a notice through our Services or updating the date at the top of these Terms. Unless we say otherwise in our notice, all such modifications are effective immediately, and your continued use of the Platform and Services after we provide such notice will be construed as your acceptance of the modified Terms. If you do not agree with the modified Terms, your sole remedy is to terminate the use of the Platform and our services.

**4. Services**

4.1 Stacks Fees - Hermetica's Services involve the use of the Stacks Blockchain, which requires the payment of a fee for the computational resources required to conduct a transaction on the Stacks Blockchain successfully. You acknowledge and agree that Hermetica has no control over: (1) any Stacks blockchain transactions; (2) The method of payment of any Stacks Fees; and (3) Any actual payments of Stacks Fees. Accordingly, the User must ensure that he has a sufficient balance of Stacks stored at his Stacks Address to complete a Stacks Blockchain transaction. 4.2 Conditions and Restrictions - Hermetica may, at any time and in its sole discretion, restrict the User's access to, or otherwise impose conditions or restrictions upon such User's use of, the Services or the Platform, with or without prior notice. You agree and acknowledge that Hermetica has no obligation to provide information about the reasons for such closure or suspension. 4.3 No Broker, Legal, or Fiduciary Relationship - Hermetica is not the User's broker, lawyer, intermediary, agent, or advisor and has no fiduciary relationship or obligation to the User regarding any other decisions or activities of the User when using the Platform or Services. No communication or information provided by Hermetica to the User is intended or to be construed as legal or financial advice by such User. 4.4 User's Responsibility - As a condition to accessing or using the Platform or Services, the User shall: (a) Only use Hermetica's Platform and or Services for lawful purposes, and in accordance with these Terms; (b) Ensure that, at all times, all information that the User provides on the Platform is current, complete and accurate; and (c) Maintain the security and confidentiality of his Stacks public and private keys. 4.5 Unacceptable Use or Conduct - As a condition for accessing or using the Platform or Services, the User shall not: (a) Violate any Applicable Law, including, without limitation, any relevant and applicable anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing laws, each as may be amended from time to time; (b) Infringe on or misappropriate any contract, intellectual property or other third-party rights, or commit acts of tortious liability while using the Platform or Services; (c) Use the Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the Services or that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of theServices in any manner; (d) Attempt to circumvent any content filtering mechanisms or security measures that Hermetica employs on the Platform, or attempt to access anyService or area of the Platform or Services that the User is not authorized to access; (e) Use the Services to pay for, support, or otherwise engage in any illegal gambling activities, fraud, money-laundering, terrorist activities, or other illegal activities; (f) Use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper, or other automated means or interface not provided by Hermetica to access the Services or to extract data; (g) Introduce any malware, virus, Trojan horse, worm, logic bomb, drop-dead device, backdoor, shutdown mechanism or other harmful material into the Platform or the Services; (h) Provide false, inaccurate, or misleading information; (i) Post content or communications on, or about, the Platform that are, in our sole discretion, libelous, defamatory, profane, obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit, indecent, lewd, vulgar, suggestive, harassing, hateful, threatening, offensive, discriminatory, bigoted, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent, deceptive or otherwise objectionable; (j) Post content on, or about, the Platform containing unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, or commercial messages or any chain messages or user content designed to deceive or trick the user of the Service; (k) Use the Platform or Services from a Restricted Territory; (l) Encourage or induce any third party to engage in any activities prohibited under this Section; (m) Use any technical or contractual workaround to defeat geoblocking or other controls, including VPNs/proxies, or assist any third party in doing so; (n) Access on behalf of a Restricted Person or transfer accounts, credentials, or access rights to a Restricted Person. 4.6 Assumption of Risks - The User represents and warrants that Hermetica will have no responsibility or liability for any of the risks mentioned in Sections 5, 6, 7 and 8.The User hereby irrevocably waives, releases and discharges all claims, whether known or unknown, against Hermetica, its affiliates and their respective shareholders, members, directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives related to any of the risks set forth herein. 4.7 User Content - The User hereby grants to Hermetica a royalty-free, fully paid-up, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, copy, modify, create derivative works of, display, perform, publish and distribute, in any form, medium or manner, any content that is available to other users via thePlatform as a result of the User's use of the Platform (collectively, "User Content"). This includes, without limitation, content for promoting Hermetica (or its Affiliates), the Services or the Platform. The User represents and warrants the following: (a) The User owns his content or has the right to grant the rights and licenses in these Terms; and (b)The User's Content and Hermetica's use of the User Content, as licensed herein, does not violate or infringe on any third party's rights. 4.8 Certain Products available through the Services may be subject to separate product terms. Where applicable, those terms govern the Product and prevail over these Terms in the event of a conflict. For the avoidance of doubt, holding or acquiring any digital asset elsewhere does not grant any right to onboarding, minting, redemption or servicing by Hermetica if you are a Restricted Person.

**5. Digital Asset Risks**

5.1 digital assets: Digital asset prices are volatile and fluctuate day to day. Trading in these digital assets may be considered a high-risk activity. Proper diligence and sound judgement should be used in evaluating the risks associated with these activities. We do not solicit nor represent that digital assets are an investment vehicle. The decision to trade digital assets rests entirely on the Users' independent judgement. Any digital asset may decrease in value or lose value due to various factors, including the discovery of wrongful conduct, market manipulation, change to the nature or properties of a digital asset, or governmental or regulatory activity. Demand for digital assets may be partially or wholly driven by speculation or market sentiment. 5.2 Lack of Information available: You may not have full access to all the information relevant to the particular digital asset or its underlying platform or network. It may not be possible to obtain updated information regarding the progress or any changes to particular digital assets or their underlying platforms or network. Many digital asset issuers or operators may also have no operating history or track record that any be used to evaluate the ability to achieve their stated project goals. 5.3 Network Events: Digital assets may be subject to various network events, including forks, airdrops, attacks on the security, integrity or operation of the networks, or network participants making a binding decision in relation to the network underlying a digital asset. Such events may affect the features, functions, operation, use or other properties of any digital asset, network or platform. The events may also severely impact the price or value of any digital assets or even result in the shutdown of the network or platform associated with the digital asset. Such network events may be beyond the control of the User or Hermetica, or to the extent Hermetica has any ability to impact the network event, Hermetica's decision or actions may not be in your interests. Where you transfer digital assets to Hermetica which are the subject of a network event, you may not been titled to the proceeds arising from any network event, and Hermetica is entitled to keep any digital assets created because of network events (for example, in circumstances where there is a fork in the network). The User should not transfer assets to Hermetica, where you wish to receive the benefits of those network events. 5.4 Inflation Risk: digital assets may, either because of the inherent design of the digital asset or through network events, not be a fixed supply of assets. Where additional digital assets are created, the asset's price may decline due to the inflationary effects of adding additional digital assets to the total assets available. 5.5 Concentration Risk: At any point in time, one or more persons may directly or indirectly control significant portions of the total supply of any particular digital asset.Acting individually or in concert, these holders may have significant influence over the digital asset and may be able to influence or cause network events which may have a detrimental effect on the price, value or functionality of the digital assets. Network participants may make decisions which may not be in the User's best interest as a holder of digital assets. 5.6 Suspensions of Trading/Network Events: Under certain conditions, liquidating a position in digital assets may be difficult or impossible. Certain network events(including total failure of a network) may occur rapidly and affect the ability of holders of digital assets to conduct transactions. Information relating to these network events may be difficult to ascertain ahead of time and may be subject to limited oversight by any third party capable of intervening to stabilize the network.

**6. Cybersecurity Risks**

6.1 Source code changes and flaws: The various source codes underlying digital assets and smart contracts are subject to change and may at any time contain one or more defects, weaknesses, inconsistencies, errors or bugs. Unless otherwise represented in writing by Hermetica, no audit or investigation has been conducted on any source code developed by parties other than Hermetica. 6.2 Cryptographic advancements: Developments in cryptographic technologies and techniques, including the advancement of artificial intelligence or quantum computing, pose security risks to all cryptography-based systems, including digital assets. Applying these technologies and techniques to digital assets or the Platform and Services may result in theft, loss, disappearance, destruction, devaluation or other compromises of digital assets, the Platform and Services or your data. 6.3 Reliance on the Internet: digital assets and the Platform and Services rely heavily on the Internet. However, the public nature of the Internet means that either part of the Internet or the entire Internet may be unreliable or unavailable at any given time. Further, interruption, delay, corruption or loss of data, the loss of confidentiality in the transmission of data, or the transmission of malware may occur when transmitting data via the Internet. The result of the above may be that your order is not executed according to your instructions or not at all at the desired time. 6.4 Unauthorized access: Unauthorized third parties may use the User wallet and effect transactions without your knowledge or authorization, whether by obtaining control over another device or account used by the User or other methods. 6.5 Loss of Private Key(s): Losing control of your private key(s) may permanently and irreversibly deny you access to your digital assets. Neither Hermetica nor any other person or Affiliate will be able to retrieve or protect digital assets for which you hold the private key(s). IF THE PRIVATE KEY(S) IS LOST, IT MAY BECOME IMPOSSIBLE TO TRANSFER DIGITAL ASSETS TO ANY OTHER ADDRESS OR WALLET, AND YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR SECURING YOUR PRIVATE KEY(S) IN A MANNER THAT MEETS THE USER SECURITY CIRCUMSTANCES. 6.6 Operational Risk: Breakdowns or malfunctioning of essential systems and controls, including IT systems or digital asset networks, may generally affect digital assets' value. In particular, digital assets may suffer from a concentration of operational risk during development, including key personnel, governance and financial control risk.

**7. Legal Risks**

7.1 Country Risk: If an investment is made in any digital assets issued by a party subject to foreign laws or transactions made on markets in other jurisdictions, including markets formally linked to a domestic market, recovery of the sums invested and any profits or gains may be reduced, delayed or prevented by exchange controls, debt moratorium or other actions imposed by the government or other official bodies. Before you use any Product, you should be familiar with any rules or laws relevant to the Services. Your local regulatory authority will be unable to compel the enforcement of the rules of regulatory authorities or markets in other jurisdictions where your transactions have been effected. You should obtain independent advice about the different types of redress available in both your home jurisdiction and other relevant jurisdictions before you start to trade. If your country of residence imposes restrictions on digital assets, we may be required to discontinue your access to the Platform and Services. We may not be permitted to transfer digital assets held in the Products back to the User or permit the User to transfer digital assets out of the Hermetica Services to the User or others until the regulatory environment permits us to do so. 7.2 Taxation and required reporting to taxation authorities: You are responsible for all taxes in respect of any gains obtained in a Product, including past or retrospective taxes imposed on the Services. Before using any Product, you should understand the tax implications of acquiring, entering into, holding and disposing of a digital asset and aProduct. Tax implications of any Service depend on the nature of your business activities and the Product in question. The User should consult their independent tax advisor to understand the relevant tax considerations. 7.3 Regulatory Uncertainty: The Services are potentially exposed to regulatory/legal risk. The legal and regulatory treatment of digital assets may change. Regulation of digital assets is unsettled and rapidly changing. Legal and regulatory treatment varies according to the jurisdiction. The effect of regulatory legal risk is that any digital asset may decrease in value or lose all of its value due to legal or regulatory change. This may affect the value or potential profit of a Product. Legal changes may make a previously acceptable investment illegal or subject to substantial restrictions that may affect the ability to liquidate a position. Changes to related issues such as taxation may occur and radically affect the value or profitability of a digital asset. Such risk is unpredictable and depends on geopolitical, economic, sovereign and other factors. Risks may be asymmetrical between established and emerging markets and affect some digital assets significantly more than others. The User must obtain independent legal, tax and financial advice and continues to monitor the legal and regulatory position in respect of its use of the Services. 7.4 Legal status of Digital Assets, Services and Platform: The laws of various jurisdictions may apply to digital assets or Services offered through the Hermetica Platform. Applying these laws and regulations to digital assets is largely untested, and laws and regulations are subject to change without prior notice to either Hermetica or the User. In particular, any current governmental or regulatory tolerance of digital assets may change rapidly, and digital assets may at any time be deemed to be a security, investment, asset or money by governmental authorities or regulators, which may affect Hermetica's ability to offer the Services. As a result of regulation and legislation around digital assets, the Platform may not be available in certain jurisdictions or at all. Changes to access to the Platform or the Services may be made unilaterally by Hermetica on short or no notice to the User. Hermetica may receive formal or informal queries, notices, requests or warnings by governmental authorities and regulators. Governmental authorities and regulators may take action against Hermetica. As a result of such events, Hermetica may be required to discontinue the Platform or Services. The User may also be subject to governmental or regulatory action by holding digital assets or using the Hermetica Platform and Services. The User should take independent legal advice to evaluate the consequences of using the Services before accepting these Terms or using the Services.

**8. General Risks**

8.1 Suitability: You should decide to use any Service provided by Hermetica only after due and careful consideration. You should determine whether a Product is appropriate in light of your experience in similar transactions, your objectives in engaging with Hermetica, financial resources and other relevant circumstances. If you are unsure that the Product is suitable, you should obtain independent legal, tax or financial advice. 8.2 Fees: You acknowledge and agree that fees may apply when you use the Platform. Depending on the type of Product purchased on our Platform, we may charge a transaction or other fee, which may be deducted from or added to the value of the Product. The applicable fees for Products and Services may be amended from time to time and are available on the Platform. You must review all fees carefully before using the Services or Platform. 8.3 Not a Research Report: Any content provided by Hermetica does not purport to be, and is not intended to be, a "research report" or "investment research". 8.4 Commercial Arrangements: Hermetica may have a relationship with other entities which may not be disclosed to you.

**9. Privacy**

Please refer to Hermetica's privacy policy at [https://hermetica.fi/privacy](https://www.hermetica.fi/privacy) for information about how Hermetica collects, stores, and processes information about the User.

**10. Proprietary Rights**

10.1 Intellectual Property Rights Ownership: Hermetica owns all intellectual property and other rights in and to the Platform and Services, together with their contents, including, but not limited to, software, text, images, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, and designs. Unless expressly authorized by Hermetica, the User may not copy, modify, adapt, rent, license, sell, publish, distribute, or otherwise permit any third party to access or use the Platform with its contents. Accessing or using thePlatform or Services does not constitute a grant to you of any proprietary intellectual property or other rights in the Interface or its contents. 10.2 Trademarks: Any of Hermetica's names, logos, and other marks used in the Platform or as a part of the Services, including Hermetica's name and logo, are trademarks owned by Hermetica, its Affiliates, or its applicable licensors. You may not copy, imitate, or use such Trademarks without Hermetica's (or the applicable licensor's) prior written consent. 10.3 License: Subject to your strict compliance with these Terms, you are granted a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable right to access and use the Platform, Services and all materials made available on the Platform for your own personal use and to the extent required for your use of our services only.

**11. Changes, Suspension and Termination**

11.1 Changes to Services: Hermetica may, in its sole discretion, from time to time and with or without prior notice to the User, modify, suspend or disable, temporarily or permanently, the Platform or the Services, in whole or in part, for any reason whatsoever, including, but not limited to, as a result of a security incident. 11.2 No Liability: Hermetica will not be liable for any losses suffered by the User resulting from any modification to the Platform or any Services or from any suspension or termination, for any reason, of your access to all or any portion of Hermetica's Platform or Services. 11.3 Survival: These Terms will survive any termination of your access to Hermetica's Platform or Services, regardless of the reasons for its expiration or termination, in addition to any other provision which by law or by its nature should survive.

**12. Electronic Notices**

The User consents to receive all communications, agreements, documents, receipts, notices, and disclosures electronically (collectively, our "Communications") that Hermetica provides in connection with these Terms or any Services. The User agrees that Hermetica may provide Communications to him by posting them on the Platform orby emailing them to the User at the email address provided in connection with the User's use of the Services if any. The User should maintain copies of Hermetica's Communications by printing a paper copy or saving an electronic copy. The User may also contact Hermetica's support team to request additional electronic copies of Communications by filing a support request at [hello@hermetica.fi.](mailto:hello@hermetica.fi?subject=Customer%20support)

**13. Indemnification**

The User will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Hermetica, its Affiliates, and its Affiliates' respective shareholders, members, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, representatives, suppliers, and contractors (collectively, "Indemnified Parties") from any claim, demand, lawsuit, action, proceeding, investigation, liability, damage, loss, cost, or expense, including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to: (a) The User's use of, or conduct in connection with, the Platform or the Services; (b) Stacks Blockchain assets associated with the User's Stacks Address; (c) Any feedback or user content the User provides to the Platform if any; (d) The User's violation of these Terms; or (e) The User's infringement or misappropriation of the rights of any other person or entity. If the User is obliged to indemnify any Indemnified Party, Hermetica (or, at its discretion, the applicable Indemnified Party) will have the right, in its sole discretion, to control any action or proceeding and to determine whether Hermetica wishes to settle, and if so, on what terms.

**14. Disclosures and Disclaimers**

The Platform and the Services are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. The Indemnified Parties make no guarantees in connection with the Platform or the Services. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Indemnified Parties disclaim all warranties and conditions, whether express or implied, of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement and disclaim all responsibility and liability for: (1) The Platform or the Services is accurate, complete, current, reliable, uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free. Information (including, without limitation, the value or outcome of any transaction) available through the Platform is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions. Any reliance on the Services is at your own risk; (2) You expressly acknowledge, understand, and agree that the Services may contain audio-visual effects, strobe lights or other materials that may affect your physical senses or physical condition. (3) The User expressly acknowledges that the Indemnified Parties are not liable for loss or damage caused by another User's conduct, unauthorized actors, or any unauthorized access to or use of the Platform or Services; and (4) Viruses, worms, trojan horses, time bombs, cancelbots, spiders, malware, or other types of malicious code that may be used to affect the functionality or operation of the Platform or Services.

**15. Limitation of Liability**

The Indemnified Parties shall, in no event, be liable for any incidental, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or similar damages or liabilities whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data, information, revenue, goodwill, profits, or other business or financial benefit) arising out of or in connection with the Platform and the Services (and any of their content and functionality), any execution or settlement of a transaction, any performance or nonperformance of the Services, the User's Stacks, Product outcome, Service or other item provided by or on behalf of Hermetica, whether under contract, tort (including negligence), civil liability, statute, strict liability, breach of warranties, or under any other theory of liability, and whether or not Hermetica has been advised of, knew of or should have known of the possibility of such damages and notwithstanding any failure of the essential purpose of these Terms or any limited remedy hereunder. This limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted bylaw.

**16. Release of Claims**

You expressly agree that you assume all risks concerning your access to and use of Hermetica's Platform or Services. Additionally, you expressly waive and release us from any liability, claims, causes of action, or damages arising from or in any way relating to your access to and use of the Platform or Services.

**17. Third-Party Resources and Promotions**

Hermetica's Platform or Services may contain references or links to third-party resources, including, but not limited to, information, materials, products, or services that we do not own or control. In addition, third parties may offer promotions related to your access and use of the Platform or Services. We do not endorse or assume responsibility for such resources or promotions. If you access any such resources or participate in such promotions, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that the Terms do not apply to your dealings or relationships with any third parties. You expressly relieve us of any liability arising from your use of any such resources or participation in any such promotions.

**18. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution**

These Terms shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Panama. We will use our best efforts to resolve potential disputes through informal, good-faith negotiations. If a potential dispute arises, you must first contact us by email at [hello@hermetica.fi](mailto:hello@hermetica.fi?subject=Customer%20support) so we can attempt to resolve it without resorting to formal dispute resolution. If we cannot reach an informal resolution within 60 days of your notification of the claim or dispute, then you and Hermetica agree that any unresolved dispute after the negotiation period shall be settled by arbitration under the rules outlined below. This arbitration agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Panama; The seat of arbitration will be in Panama. The number of arbitrators will be one, and that arbitrator must have relevant legal and technological expertise. The language of the arbitration shall be English. The decision of the arbitrator shall be in writing with written findings of fact and shall be final and binding on the parties. Each party shall bear its own costs relating to the arbitration proceedings irrespective of its outcome. This section provides the sole recourse for the settlement of any disputes arising out of, in connection with, or related to your use of the Platform or Services. Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms, you agree that Hermetica has the right to apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.

**19. Entire Agreement**

The Terms, including the Privacy Policy, constitute the entire agreement between the User and Hermetica with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Terms, including the Privacy Policy, supersede any prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of the Terms.

**20. Force Majeure**

Any event beyond our reasonable control, such as – but not limited to – flood, extraordinary weather conditions, earthquake, or any other Act of God, fire, war, insurrection, riot, labour dispute, accident, the action of government, failure of our suppliers to comply with their obligations, a communications failure (including internet), power failure, or equipment or software malfunction shall qualify as a “Force Majeure Event”. Hermetica shall not be liable for any non-performance of an obligation under these Terms or for disruptions in your use of the Platform and Services that is the result of a Force Majeure Event.
